Hello! This is a new text file created in /Users/paytonmay/pikecodash.

A beautiful dashboard for Pike County Kentucky
County Health Environmental, Systems, and Humans,

Total population - age distribution 
Number of schools k-12 their locations and test performances - their kids attendance and happiness other useful stats 

Post secondary - every opportunity in the county from college, university, community college, training programs, etc. and their locations. 

Property evaluations - property values per acre depending on location - commercial property, industrial property, residential property, as well as development directions. Tax bases in cities and the county.

Elected officials for each of the towns plus registered voters and election dates time and positions. 

Human Health - percentage of disability, percentage of major diseases diabetes, heart disease, obesity - etc- 

Environmental health - landfill waste created weekly or daily or annually, water and stream quality, air quality, and waste diverted from the waste stream from recycling composting etc. 
Would like to illustrate our active rivers and streams all listed and how many people live on a certain tributary (so they start to feel a since of responsibility for their watershed) 

Public water systems, and gauges for drinking as we as waste water re entry - 

Recreational community fields, tracks, parks, museums, locations for everything

A dashboard, plus an interactive map. 

Future visions / goals / active grants / applied for grants / active investments / and things to vote on. 

Most progressive county in the country 

Bio Diversity
Animal Species
Plant Species 
Insect Species
Endagered flora and fauna + 


I like this design look a lot better. 
Can you make the home page more like an active dashboard - think someone getting an understanding of the county at large almost like an operator - so more active/live data feeling. At the top in three cards current air quality, water quality, weather - so knowing that all systems are go no natural disasters going on - then current state of the land fill tons coming in weekly and how many tons more it can hold so a progress bar - then 2 other cards waste diverted - compostable in tons and plastic in tons - metals in tons. Active businesses, active industries - then current capital deployed and active projects - and active grant applications out - you can put place holders in any unknown for now - then lets do human health - total number of missed school days or work days due to illness - active cases of the top diseases - 
and then the next priority under that might be total student enrollment in all the schools active - test scores and graduation rates - at high levels . Use place holder content anywhere you don't have data and just make it a color that we know is placeholder. 
